cats/images/1_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/1.xml
cats/images/1_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/1.xml
cats/images/1_none.jpg cats/annotations/1.xml
cats/images/1_box.jpg cats/annotations/1.xml
cats/images/1_motion.jpg cats/annotations/1.xml
cats/images/2_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/2.xml
cats/images/2_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/2.xml
cats/images/2_none.jpg cats/annotations/2.xml
cats/images/2_box.jpg cats/annotations/2.xml
cats/images/2_motion.jpg cats/annotations/2.xml
cats/images/3_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/3.xml
cats/images/3_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/3.xml
cats/images/3_none.jpg cats/annotations/3.xml
cats/images/3_box.jpg cats/annotations/3.xml
cats/images/3_motion.jpg cats/annotations/3.xml
cats/images/4_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/4.xml
cats/images/4_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/4.xml
cats/images/4_none.jpg cats/annotations/4.xml
cats/images/4_box.jpg cats/annotations/4.xml
cats/images/4_motion.jpg cats/annotations/4.xml
cats/images/5_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/5.xml
cats/images/5_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/5.xml
cats/images/5_none.jpg cats/annotations/5.xml
cats/images/5_box.jpg cats/annotations/5.xml
cats/images/5_motion.jpg cats/annotations/5.xml
cats/images/6_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/6.xml
cats/images/6_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/6.xml
cats/images/6_none.jpg cats/annotations/6.xml
cats/images/6_box.jpg cats/annotations/6.xml
cats/images/6_motion.jpg cats/annotations/6.xml
cats/images/7_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/7.xml
cats/images/7_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/7.xml
cats/images/7_none.jpg cats/annotations/7.xml
cats/images/7_box.jpg cats/annotations/7.xml
cats/images/7_motion.jpg cats/annotations/7.xml
cats/images/8_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/8.xml
cats/images/8_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/8.xml
cats/images/8_none.jpg cats/annotations/8.xml
cats/images/8_box.jpg cats/annotations/8.xml
cats/images/8_motion.jpg cats/annotations/8.xml
cats/images/9_gaussian.jpg cats/annotations/9.xml
cats/images/9_poisson.jpg cats/annotations/9.xml
cats/images/9_none.jpg cats/annotations/9.xml
cats/images/9_box.jpg cats/annotations/9.xml
cats/images/9_motion.jpg cats/annotations/9.xml
